### CONTENTS OF THIS FILE
---------------------

 * Introduction
 * Requirement
 * Data Files

 
### INTRODUCTION 

A startup called Sparkify wants to analyze the data they've been collecting on songs and user activity on their new music streaming app. The analysis team is particularly interested in understanding what songs users are listening to. Currently, there is no easy way to query the data to generate the results, since the data reside in a directory of CSV files on user activity on the app.

They'd like a data engineer to create an Apache Cassandra database which can create queries on song play data to answer the questions, and wish to bring you on the project. Your role is to create a database for this analysis. You'll be able to test your database by running queries given to you by the analytics team from Sparkify to create the results.

### REQUIREMENTS 

creating an Apache Cassandra database with tables designed to optimize queries on song play analysis and creating a database schema and ETL pipeline for this analysis.

### DATA FILES

* **Song Dataset**.
    is a subset of real data from the Million Song Dataset. Each file is in JSON format and contains metadata about a song and the artist of that song. The files are partitioned by the first three letters of each song's track ID. For example, here are filepaths to two files in this dataset.


* **Log Dataset**.
     consists of log files in JSON format generated by this event simulator based on the songs in the dataset above. These simulate activity logs from a music streaming app based on specified configurations.



